[Music]
you're driving along a highway the
weather's good and you're in total
control of the car and suddenly BAM
another driver comes out of nowhere cut
you off and slams the Berk naturally you
can't avoid the collision sounds like a
typical fender bender but you might be
surprised to know that this is one of
many scams people try to pull on the
road one the cut and break scam so let's
start with that situation you've now got
a mangled front bumper and you're
standing there looking at your poor
vehicle mouth ajar what just happened
why did he slam the brakes after cutting
you off hey he did it on purpose and
he's after your cash but it doesn't end
there the car that cut you off turns out
to be full of passengers complaining
about neck and back pain you want to be
empathetic and believe what they're
telling you but don't otherwise you'll
end up with a serious collision and
injuries claim against you all you must
do is play it cool
you were driving carefully you were
attentive of all the other drivers on
the road
you weren't tailgating and that's all
good that's exactly how you should be
driving so the evidence will be on your
side when you fight this thing call the
police and gather your own evidence just
in case take pictures of both cars the
road everything were there any witnesses
get their information pay attention to
the passengers behavior if they move
around freely and start pretending to be
badly injured only after the police and
ambulance arrived the accident is most
likely a scam but once the case gets
fully investigated you should walk away
from this thing with a law on your side
and it also doesn't hurt to invest in a
dashcam for your car
number two white smoke let's say you
found your car a cozy spot in the
parking lot and left to go run your
errands as soon as you return and start
the car puffs of thick white smoke
appear from under the hood or the
muffler then a stranger shows up and
just tick you lating wildly tells you
that you have some horrible problems
with your car naturally you're in a
panic so you jump out of your vehicle
and run to open the hood to look inside
your noble assistant tells you to go
start the engine while he checks it
unfortunately if you fall for this lie
and get back behind the wheel the
volunteer will start tinkering around
and surprise surprise your car won't
start after that they'll offer to tow
your car to the nearest service station
if you agree be ready to pay for your
gullibility not only will this person
demand payment for his towing services
but his buddies at the garage may also
trick you by saying that your car needs
some costly repairs okay
first try to figure out the cause of the
smoke yourself and don't let strangers
approach your car I'll tell you right
now that guy had poured some oil on the
muffler or the bottom part of the engine
while you were away also check if any
warning lights are flashing on the dash
if you're still unsure whether you've
been tricked or not you can never go
wrong by calling a legit car service or
towing company never agree to towing
services from strangers who conveniently
pop up out of nowhere
number three unexpected help
going along the same lines of that
convenient Good Samaritan this scam goes
a little something like this
you're driving along perfectly fine when
suddenly somebody starts flagging you to
pull over the driver comes up to your
car and says he'd seen white smoke
billowing from under your hood you don't
know any better since you were behind
the wheel and couldn't see anything
under the car so you take his word for
it in the same breath the scammer so
graciously offers to check under the
hood for you and while they're at it
they inconspicuously spray a bit of oil
under the engine and voila white smoke
does billow out when you start the car
up again to see for yourself the
criminal then pretends to be repairing
the defect and succeeds in eliminating
the problem
hooray hmm not so fast after that this
on-site repairmen starts demanding money
for his services and believe it or not a
lot of people especially inexperienced
drivers agree to pay up later however
they find out that their car didn't have
any problems at all and they'd been
bamboozled whatever happens do not
accept any suspicious help if something
like this ever happens to you just call
a friend relative or a trusted mechanic
to come help you out if you can't hear
any suspicious noises from under the
hood everything looks normal and there
aren't any warning lights lit up on the
dash simply continue your trip without
ever leaving the car number 4 a hurt
pedestrian here's another way they like
to play with your empathy and guilt
you're slowly creeping along the parking
lot looking for a spot with full
concentration you don't pay any
attention to a person walking past your
car but suddenly the pedestrian hits the
ground most likely damaging or even
breaking off your sideview mirror in the
process obviously you get out of the car
to see if they're okay that's when the
victim starts threatening you that
they'll call the police
but we can settle it right now
what would you do in this case
experienced drivers or skeptics won't
give in but there are those who do so
don't be one of the gullible ones simply
agree to call the police right then and
there sometimes
that alone is enough to send the victim
running but even if they suddenly have a
change of heart and promise that
everything's cool
no hard feelings or complaints insist
that they wait for the police to come
and file a report otherwise they might
call the authorities later with your
plate number plus if this person
purposely damaged your car you should be
compensated for that anyway don't sweat
it
the police will likely examine footage
from surveillance cameras in or near the
parking lot again if you've done nothing
wrong then you have nothing to worry
about number 5 come on over this is a
particularly dangerous scam that's hard
to fight crooks notice a driver who's
trying to merge into traffic they slow
down and wave their hand to signal that
they're letting the driver in but just
as the unsuspecting victim merges into
the lane the Good Samaritan speeds up
and crashes into their car the next
thing the victim knows the crook
vehemently denies ever letting the other
driver over and claims that they just
merged right into them this is a
situation when witnesses could play a
key role if there were any and they so
graciously pulled over to stand up for
you when the police get there then
that's ideal but it also doesn't hurt to
be extra careful and attentive when
merging into traffic keep your eyes on
the car ahead and behind you and you
shouldn't fall victim to this scam
number 6 envelope in the car this scam
typically goes like this in the morning
you get into your car coffee in hand and
ready for another day
but then you notice an envelope lying on
the passenger seat that wasn't there
yesterday so how did it get here
overnight you
positive that you locked your car last
night that's when it hits you somebody
broke into it but that's not all you
open the envelope and it reads dear sir
or ma'am we've tested your car's alarm
system and the possibility of a break-in
as you can see your vehicle has major
security risks we expect your financial
gratitude and in return we'll send you
some personalized recommendations on how
to protect your car there's also an
account or phone number attached to the
letter
so do you send the money and wait for
their awesome services of course not by
no means should you ever send money to
strangers with threats it'll only
encourage them to keep going
call the police also try to leave your
car only in secured parking lots and get
your alarm system check regularly by
your car's manufacturer now before I
leave you with all that to think about
please remember that people fall victim
to these kinds of scams more often than
you think whether it's because they want
to save time or would prefer to settle a
problem on their own without the police
or lawyers it does happen so don't let
it happen to you have you heard of other
tricks scammers use on the road let me
know down in the comments if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share it with a friend but
hey don't go anywhere just yet we have
over two thousand cool videos for you to
check out all you have to do is pick the
left or right video click on it and
enjoy stay on the bright side of life
you